If you drive some distance D at a heading of 53.13 degrees,
then your delta x will be that distance D multiplied by four over five.
And delta y will be that distance D multiplied by three over five.
And these multipliers are really useful.
They let us go from a distance traveled to delta x and delta y,
but that's just one angle.
What if you're driving with a heading of 27.2 degrees, or negative 112.5?
How can we calculate delta x and delta y in those situations?
We'd like to use multipliers just like we did with the three, four,
five triangle, and that is where trigonometry comes in.
The trig gives us a way to easy calculate easy multipliers for any angle.
And we're going to come back to cars in a minute.
But for now, we're going to dig deeper into triangles themselves,
and the first thing we're going to need is
a naming convention for talking about the size of a right triangle.